feat(developer): Refactor coding guidelines and update frontend code style (#12360)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/getting_started/coding_standards/javascript.rst

=========================
JavaScript and Typescript
=========================

.. contents::
	 :local:

General rules and advices
-------------------------

> - Nextcloud uses Vue.js for its interface, for a consistent user interface we recommend apps to also use Vue with the nextcloud provided components.

Author: ```suggestion
- Nextcloud uses Vue.js for its interface, for a consistent user interface we recommend apps to also use Vue with :ref:`provided components <js-library_nextcloud-vue>`.
```
